docs: update Contribution Guidelines (#599)
OpenZeppelin/rust-contracts-stylus: README.md

```toml
[dependencies]
openzeppelin-stylus = "=0.1.1"
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > If you want to use our experimental contracts, you can check out the latest
> > alpha version of our library:
> >
> > ```toml
> > [dependencies]
> > openzeppelin-stylus = "=0.2.0-alpha.4"
> > ```
> >
> > Optionally, you can specify a git dependency if you want to have the latest
> > changes from the `main` branch:
> >
> > ```toml
> > [dependencies]
> > openzeppelin-stylus = { git = "https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/rust-contracts-stylus" }
> > ```

Reviewer: Last comment: I think we can simplify this section and only mention the alpha(no need to suggest using main anymore). I also reworded things a bit, but feel free to change it to what you think conveys the message best.

```suggestion
If you want to use some of our newest features before they are fully stable or audited, you can try the latest alpha version of the library. We release a new alpha version every ~3 weeks.
> [!NOTE]

> We put great effort in testing the contracts before releasing an alpha, but these are not yet audited and we don't guarantee any backwards compatibility between alpha version.
```

```toml
[dependencies]

> openzeppelin-stylus = "0.2.0-alpha.4"

Reviewer: I don't think we should only promote the alpha on the main Readme.
- The main call to action should still be to use the latest audited version(safe option, users that want production grade contracts should go there)
- We can have a separate section that explains we also have experimental contracts that you can try out(with a quick warning) and how you can use it
